Risk and legal assessment to increase the NS-DROP DC to 50M DAI - Nov… (#2050)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/title: Risk and legal assessment to increase the NS-DROP DC to 50M DAI - November 28, 2022.md

---

> title: Risk and legal assessment to increase the NS-DROP DC to 50M DAI - November 28, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Undertake Risk and Legal Assessment to Increase the NS-DROP Debt Ceiling to 50M DAI - November 28, 2022
```

> summary: Signal your support or opposition to move forward with the commercial risk, legal, and other work necessary to increase the NS-DROP DC to 50M DAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Signal your support or opposition to move forward with the commercial risk, legal, and other work necessary to increase the NS-DROP Debt Ceiling to 50M DAI.
```

discussion_link: https://forum.makerdao.com/t/request-to-poll-poll-to-move-forward-with-the-commercial-risk-legal-and-other-work-necessary-to-increase-the-ns-drop-dc-to-50m-dai/18915
parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2022-11-28T16:00:00
end_date: 2022-12-01T16:00:00
---

> # Poll: Risk and legal assessment to increase the NS-DROP DC to 50M DAI - November 28, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Poll: Undertake Risk and Legal Assessment to Increase the NS-DROP Debt Ceiling to 50M DAI - November 28, 2022
```

> The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the MakerDAO mandated actors. This Governance [Poll](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/on-chain-gov) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, November 28 at 16:00 UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the Strategic Finance Core Unit ([SF-001](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP39c2SP36)). This Governance [Poll](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/on-chain-gov) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, November 28 at 16:00 UTC.
```

**This is a binary vote.**
- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

> This poll allows the MakerDAO governance community to signal their support or opposition to move forward with the Strategic Finance Core Unit risk and legal assessment on the increase in the debt ceiling of the NS-DROP vault with the below parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This poll allows Maker Governance to signal their support or opposition to the Strategic Finance Core Unit moving forwards with the risk and legal assessments on increasing the Debt Ceiling of the NS-DROP vault with the below parameters.
```

* Adding in WSFS as the trustee, based on the [Trust Indenture](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/centrifuge-update-cornerstone-agreement-complete-to-onboard-rwas-to-maker-with-centrifuge-successful-collaboration-with-incubating-lts/15005) put together earlier this year by Christian Petersen and Eli Cohen.

> * Increase vault [debt ceiling](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/vault-risk/param-debt-ceiling) to 50mm DAITrust Indenture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increase vault [Debt Ceiling](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/vault-risk/param-debt-ceiling) to 50mm DAITrust Indenture
```

* Remove senior co-investor requirement and over collateralization requirement
* Increase Junior minimum to 20% from 15%

> * Increase [stability fee](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/vault-risk/param-stability-fee) to 4.5% from 3.5%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increase [Stability Fee](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/vault-risk/param-stability-fee) to 4.5% from 3.5%
```
